https://youtu.be/K3tA6cTCCK4
My name is Andrew. I have spent most of my life in one city - Minsk. Now I live in the main city of Montenegro, Podgorica. I have always been drawn to the exact sciences - mathematics and physics. That 's why I went to college after high school and graduated with good grades . I liked my job. I've always wanted to grow in my knowledge and skills. For this reason, I entered the extramural department of the university where I continue to study until now. But at some time I realized that I had come to the ceiling in my work. And I wanted to discover something new. 
Modern life is not possible without IT technologies. I've always wanted to understand what the mechanisms that make a machine interact with a person look like from the inside. That's why I entered the RS school. Studying at this school stimulates development and I like it. Thanks to my studies , I started studying English, expanded my horizons and met new interesting people. Thanks to the study of frontend development, I can train my brain, keep up with the times, and know about innovations. In the profession of a frontend developer, I can realize my natural love for analysis and the search for non-standard solutions. I also like this profession because it gives me more freedom - to combine work and travel, gives me to spend more time with those i love. 
The last project of minesweeper has become an interesting continuation of the virtual-keyboard project. The purpose of this project is to add interactivity for user interaction with the computer. This project gave me the opportunity to apply my knowledge about using javascript. In the project minesweeper, it was necessary not only to ensure the work of the java script with the specified logic, but also to find and eliminate unplanned program reactions, write special conditions for individual functions. I want to become a member of a team that is working on a project in which you need to configure the functionality of the site: buttons, pop-up elements, animations, and so on. I like to write logic and check how it works. I like to see how letters and numbers turn into a color interactive picture.
